c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\bin\Debug\Memory.dll
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\bin\Debug\Memory.pdb
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\bin\Debug\Memory.dll.mdb
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\bin\Debug\Memory.Memory.apk
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\bin\Debug\Memory.Memory-Signed.apk
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\Memory.dll
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\Memory.pdb
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\android\bin\Memory.Memory.apk
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\card.png
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img1.png
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img8.png
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img7.png
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img6.png
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img5.png
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img4.png
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img3.png
c:\users\anna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img2.png
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\bin\Debug\Memory.dll
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\bin\Debug\Memory.pdb
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\bin\Debug\Memory.dll.mdb
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\bin\Debug\Memory.Memory.apk
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\bin\Debug\Memory.Memory-Signed.apk
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\Memory.dll
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\Memory.pdb
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\android\bin\Memory.Memory.apk
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\card.png
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img1.png
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img7.png
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img6.png
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img5.png
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img4.png
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img3.png
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img2.png
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
E:\Downloads\Memory\Memory\Memory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img0.png
